# ChildrenInCircle
Children In Circle Game
Consider the following children’s game: 
• n children stand around a circle. • Starting with a given child and working clockwise, each child gets a sequential number, which we will refer to as its id. • Then starting with the first child, they count out from 1 until k. The k’th child is now out and leaves the circle. The count starts again with the child immediately next to the eliminated one. • Children are so removed from the circle one by one. The winner is the last child left standing.
Aim is to write some code which, when given n and k, calculates: • the sequence of children as they are eliminated, and • the id of the winning child.
Assumptions: The input form does not take values of n<2 and k<1, so even if the user enters values which are not practical, the system resets n to 2 and k to 1 I have implemented a Queue to store and manipulate the childrens' data and a List to store the eliminated indices //Order of complexity for adding an element to the end of the queue is O(1) //Order of complexity for removing from the beginning of the queue is O(1) //Order of complexity of finding the position to be removed is O(n), O(k) in this case //the loop runs n times in my code, so the complexity of outer loop is O(n) //The total complexity is O(n^2) //If a linked list is used to store data, it is easier to delete elements in between //but it takes more time to traverse through the list. More memory is also consumed because //it has to store references.
